# Import and parse 6-well plate readings

This folder contains an R script for importing and parsing multiple readings from 6-well plates contained in different sheets of an Excel file. The script is designed to handle data from multiple experiments involving blank medium measurements and correct the OD values accordingly.

## Table of Contents

- Introduction
- Requirements
- Folder Structure
- Usage

## Introduction

This project provides a set of functions to parse and process OD readings from 6-well plates. The main script reads data from an Excel file, parses it, and corrects the OD values for blank medium measurements. The processed data is then saved in both RData and CSV formats. 

## Requirements

The following R packages are required to run the script:

- `readxl`
- `tibble`
- `dplyr`
- `data.table`
- `ggplot2`

## Folder Structure
- The .Rproj file is situated in the root directory, setting the working directory to the root. **Don't move the .Rproj file unless you know what you're doing.**
- The *Data* subdirectory contains all input data to run the script, specifically the Excel file containing the OD measurements.
- The *Script* subdirectory contains all the code necessary to read, process, visualise, and export the data in two .Rmd files.
- All files generated by the script (including the output of 'knitting' in RStudio) are saved in the *Output* folder.

## Usage
Before using this script, please ensure that:
- Your raw data is saved in the Data folder, and you changed the `name` variable in the script accordingly.
- All raw data is contained in cells C28:E29 for each sheet of the Excel file.
- The sheets of this Excel file contain data from different experiments arranged in an alternating pattern. Specifically, the first set of sheets corresponds to blank measurements for each experiment (e.g., Exp 1 (blank), Exp 2 (blank), Exp 3 (blank)). Subsequent sheets follow the same experiment order but contain data for increasing time points (e.g., Exp 1 (timepoint 1), Exp 2 (timepoint 1), Exp 3 (timepoint 1)), and so on.
